README.md, before:

placebo
=======

Placebo allows you to mock boto3 calls that look just like normal calls but
actually have no effect at all.  It does this by allowing you to record a set
of calls and save them to a data file and then replay those calls later
(e.g. in a unit test) without ever hitting the AWS endpoints.

Installation
------------

```
$ pip install placebo
```

Quickstart
----------

Placebo uses the event mechanism in botocore to do most of its work.  To start
with, you need a boto3 Session object.

```
import boto3
import placebo

session = boto3.Session()
```

Once you have a Session object, you can tell placebo about the Session like
this:

```
placebo.attach(session)
```

From this point on, all clients that are created from the session will be
placebo-aware.  To record a set of requests against that client:

```
lambda = session.client('lambda')
lambda.placebo.record()
lambda.list_functions()
... more lambda calls ...
lambda.placebo.save('my_saved_lambda_calls.json')
```

The recorded calls will now be saved to the file
``my_saved_lambda_calls.json``.  Later, to use saved requests in a unit test:

```
import boto3
import placebo

session = boto3.Session()
placebo.attach(session)
lambda = session.client('lambda')
lambda.placebo.start()
lambda.list_functions()
... mocked response will be returned
```

You can also add mocked responses manually:

```
list_functions_response = [
    {
        "Version": "$LATEST", 
        "CodeSha256": "I8Scq2g6ZKcPIvhKzvZqCiV4pDysxq4gZ+jLcMmDy5Y=", 
        "FunctionName": "foobar", 
        "MemorySize": 128, 
        "CodeSize": 876521, 
        "FunctionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:foobar", 
        "Handler": "foobar.handler", 
        "Role": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/foobar-role", 
        "Timeout": 30, 
        "LastModified": "2015-11-06T22:30:32.164+0000", 
        "Runtime": "python2.7", 
        "Description": "Foos all of the bars"
    }]

    
lambda.placebo.add_response('lambda', 'ListFunctions', list_functions_response, 200)
```

You can add additional responses to a particular operation and the responses
will be returned in order.  The final parameter is the HTTP response code which
is optional.  The default value is 200.

Commit message:

Show how to load saved responses.

README.md, after:

placebo
=======

Placebo allows you to mock boto3 calls that look just like normal calls but
actually have no effect at all.  It does this by allowing you to record a set
of calls and save them to a data file and then replay those calls later
(e.g. in a unit test) without ever hitting the AWS endpoints.

Installation
------------

```
$ pip install placebo
```

Quickstart
----------

Placebo uses the event mechanism in botocore to do most of its work.  To start
with, you need a boto3 Session object.

```
import boto3
import placebo

session = boto3.Session()
```

Once you have a Session object, you can tell placebo about the Session like
this:

```
placebo.attach(session)
```

From this point on, all clients that are created from the session will be
placebo-aware.  To record a set of requests against that client:

```
lambda = session.client('lambda')
lambda.placebo.record()
lambda.list_functions()
... more lambda calls ...
lambda.placebo.save('my_saved_lambda_calls.json')
```

The recorded calls will now be saved to the file
``my_saved_lambda_calls.json``.  Note that if you are going to save this file
to your repo or somewhere public, you may want to review the responses and edit
out things like account ID's, etc. that might not be appropriate to share
publicly.

Later, to use saved requests in a unit test:

```
import boto3
import placebo

session = boto3.Session()
placebo.attach(session)
lambda = session.client('lambda')
lambda.placebo.load('my_saved_lambda_calls.json')
lambda.placebo.start()
lambda.list_functions()
... mocked response will be returned
```

You can also add mocked responses manually:

```
list_functions_response = [
    {
        "Version": "$LATEST", 
        "CodeSha256": "I8Scq2g6ZKcPIvhKzvZqCiV4pDysxq4gZ+jLcMmDy5Y=", 
        "FunctionName": "foobar", 
        "MemorySize": 128, 
        "CodeSize": 876521, 
        "FunctionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:foobar", 
        "Handler": "foobar.handler", 
        "Role": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/foobar-role", 
        "Timeout": 30, 
        "LastModified": "2015-11-06T22:30:32.164+0000", 
        "Runtime": "python2.7", 
        "Description": "Foos all of the bars"
    }]

    
lambda.placebo.add_response('lambda', 'ListFunctions', list_functions_response, 200)
```

You can add additional responses to a particular operation and the responses
will be returned in order.  The final parameter is the HTTP response code which
is optional.  The default value is 200.
